better description of group property (#25)
NLnetLabs/draft-toorop-dnsop-dns-catalog-zones: draft-ietf-dnsop-dns-catalog-zones.md

# Properties {#properties}

> Each member zone MAY have one or more of additional properties, described in this chapter.
> These properties are completely optional and the catalog zone consumer SHOULD ignore those it doesn't understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each member zone MAY have one or more additional properties, described in this chapter.
These properties are completely optional and the catalog zone consumer SHOULD ignore those it does not understand.
```

> Each property is defined by a zone record in a sub-node of the node, in which the member-defining PTR record resides.

Reviewer: I preferred the original text, so:

```suggestion
Properties are represented by RRsets below the corresponding member node.
```

Reviewer 2: Resolved by the last commit

## The Group Property

The property is defined by a TXT record in the sub-node labelled `group`.

> The value of the TXT record SHOULD be at most 255 octets long and SHOULD NOT contain whitespace characters.

Reviewer: I'm fine with making this MUST, both times.

Reviewer 2: Resolverd

> The consumer SHOULD interpret the value case-sensitively.

Reviewer: also MUST, if you ask me

Reviewer 2: Resolved in last commit
